Full Stack Engineer (Remote)
ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA /ENGINEERING – SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT /FULL-TIME - 001
About U.Group
U.Group is an advanced technology and creative design company radically focused on using customer-centric innovation to create new opportunities in the public and 
private sectors. Working collaboratively out of offices in Arlington, VA, Washington, DC, Portland, OR, and in the heart of the action at client sites—U.Group 
delivers best-in-class digital services, powerful data platforms, augmented reality solutions, integrated marketing strategies, bundled services, and more. 
To learn more, visit www.U.Group.

Role Summary
As a Full Stack Software Engineer at U.Group, you will be part of an integrated project team delivering scalable and secure systems. You will use user-centered 
and agile methodologies to build and continuously deploying the server and client side solutions. As a member of a project delivery team, you will collaborate 
with project and product managers, user experience designers, and business analysts. Your efforts will directly serve and assist end-users. Your work will be 
produced in the context of U.Group’s DevSecOps practices, including but not limited to continuous development, deployment, integration, and monitoring. Our s
olutions need to be “cloud-first”, scalable, and deployed in containers. Full stack engineers at U.Group are expected to have experience developing or 
integrating databases as well as developing and integrating server and client applications. 
 
Citizenship Status: US Citizenship required and have resided in the U.S. for three of the past five years.  
Location: Washington, DC | Arlington, VA | Portland, OR | Indianapolis, IN | Remote
Clearance: Current, or have the ability to obtain, public trust or higher security clearance 

Minimum Qualification Requirements
This position is for one of our programs supporting the federal government. As part of the hiring process for programs like this, each candidate’s resume is 
evaluated against a strict set of requirements defined by the government client. For a candidate to be found “minimally qualified”, their resume must clearly 
illustrate all the requirements. For more information on preparing a federal resume, check out this GitHub Repo: https://github.com/rooneywp/govcon-hiring-guide/blob/master/resume_prep_guide.md

The minimum qualification requirements for this position are:
Must have a minimum of five (5) years of experience in the Information Technology field focusing on AI/ML development projects using DevSecOps and AWS cloud environments. 
Shall experience with full stack engineering, including at least three (3) years of experience deploying production enterprise applications in AWS that use AI/ML. 
Shall have at least three (3) years of specific software engineering experience related to front-end and back-end applications and/or data services. 
Shall possess experience in large scale, high-performance enterprise big data application deployment and solution architecture on complex heterogeneous environments in AWS. 
Shall possess experience with automation and engineering tasks, AI/ML implementation, data, infrastructure/operations, and security engineer tasks in USCIS cloud environments. 
Key Objective #1: Write and deploy server-side applications in containerized environment on AWS
Write clean, concise, and maintainable code  
Actively participate in merge requests  
Help define and enforce development best practices  
Automate pain points in the software development process (local development and CI/CD pipeline)  
Contribute to the development of user stories, acceptance criteria and participate in story estimation  
Participate in writing automated tests to verify the intent of stories  
Support other developers through code reviews and pairing when they have questions or hit blockers 
Key Objective #2: Support and improve the overall system and server-side data-center applications to run on AWS
Plan and carry out deployments (roughly once a month)  
Investigate data quality issues raised by users of the system  
Investigate errors in applications and perform root cause analysis  
Research data sources for ways to expand the usefulness of the system  
Provide application programming interfaces (APIs) and services 
Contribute to hardening OS images, applications, and containers 
Perform security scans and produce reports of the outcomes  
Project Details
Languages: Java 8+, Rust, go (golang), Kotlin backend, and JavaScript or TypeScript frontend  
Frameworks: Spring Framework (preferably Spring Boot), Node.js, Redux  
Web Frameworks: Angular, React or Vue  
Database: PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS SQL, MongoDB  
Infrastructure: Jenkins, Terraform, Amazon Web Services (AWS) or Google Cloud Platform (GCP)  
Development Tools: Git, Gradle, Maven  
Development Methodologies: Test Driven Development, Agile Software Delivery, Scrum, Continuous Integration/ Continuous Deployment 


Life at U.Group
We encourage our colleagues to lead balanced lives. Our comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, disability, wellness programs, flexible spending, 20 days paid time off, and paid holidays. We also offer:
Flex Time and Remote Work Options
Education reimbursement program
Fitness Reimbursement
Transit/parking subsidy program
Parental Leave Policy
Professional Development Program
401(k) with Company Match

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY – Our policy is to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship 
status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital 
status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, we will 
provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

U.Group shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals on 
the basis of protected veteran status or disability, and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in 
employment qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.